**ARP**
The purpose of ARP is to allow a host to discover the MAC Address corresponding to a particular IP address. And the host doesn't know which host on the land owns that particular MAC address. So ARP allows the host to send a broadcast query asking about who owns the particular IP address and the response comes from the owner of that particular IP address and the response is the IP Address. 

**Interconnecting LANs with Hubs**
The simplest way a LAN can be connected is with something called a Hub. Hubs are the simplest form of interconnection and in some sense they don't even exist in networks today because you can build a switch for essentially the same price. For the sake of example lets take a look at how a LAN is connected with a Hub. 

A hub essentially creates a broadcast medium among all the connected hosts where all packets in the network are seen everywhere so if a particular host sends a frame thats destined for some other host on the LAN, then a hub will simply broadcast that frame that it receives on an incoming port on every outgoing port. So all packets are seen everywhere. There is a lot of flooding and there are many chances for collision. The chance of collision is of course introduces additional latency in the network because collissions require other hosts or sender to back off and not send as soon as they see other senders trying to send at the same time. LANs connected to each other with hubs are senstiive to failure or misconfiguration because even one misconfigured device can cause problems to every other device on the LAN. SUppose you have a misconfigured device that sends a lot of rogue or unwanted traffic. On network connected with hubs, every other host on the network would see that unwanted traffic. So we need a way to improve on this broadcast medium by imposing some amount of isolation. 

**Switches**
Switches perform some amount of traffic isolation so that the entire land doesn't become one broadcast medium, instead we can partition the land into separate broadcast domains or collision domains. Now a switch may break the subnet into multiple land segments. Typically a frame is bound for host in the same part segment or land is not forwarded to other segments. So for example, if we had a network with 3 hubs all conected by a switch 